=== TRANSCRIPTION OF: 2025-05-16 14-32-01 - Uberall - Revamped Report Realese Plan 1 ===

Video Info Video Information:
   File: 2025-05-16 14-32-01 - Uberall - Revamped Report Realese Plan 1.mp4
   Size: 30.70 MB
   Duration: 00:08:40
   Format: .mp4
   Resolution: 1668x1080
   FPS: 60.00

Processing Information:
   Model used: medium
   Detected language: en
   Audio extraction time: 0.50s
   Transcription time: 405.91s
   Total processing time: 406.49s
   Processing speed: 1.28x real-time

=== COMPLETE TRANSCRIPTION ===

Yesterday, it's all meshing together, but I just wanted to really, like, outline what's the steps to release these revamped reports and even sunset the old ones, just so that we have a clear direction for the next probably two to three, two sprints probably. Because the next sprint, we're going to be releasing the reputation insights and then taking away the two other reports and then the following sprints, we're going to be for all of Facebook. All the Yelp reports and then even Comp Intel Beta is probably going to go live. So I just want to make sure that we're kind of all aligned because there's multiple steps. So from the looks of it, it's at least just from my understanding from yesterday, it's we need to create a record in ABE, right, for we're just going to talk about rep insights for right now. And then we need to create the process so that, like, it removes and does all that jazz and makes it appear in ABE to be selected for future, excuse me, enablements. Is that correct so far? It's already in the ABE. Yes, we just have to expose it, right? The reason you don't see it, you only see it for the beta tests as P and users because of the config item. Okay, so remove config item, right? So that is okay. Remove config item. Perfect. Let me make a note of that. And then so with the existing and what we're going to be doing, let me just share my screen just so that we're clear. Just to make sure. Going to production. So as mentioned, what we're going to be doing is the customer feedback and customer experience are well, let me backtrack. Customer experience is going to be the one that is actually going to go away. Customer feedback is going to be rebranded basically or renamed because we're going to move the new reputation insights into this one, but call it reputation insights, right? And then we're going to move the two tabs in this new report into here and then and have this be the third. Is that possible? This report here or do we have to build this ratings page into this report and then just like bump it into this? Sorry, I don't. Okay, so this is where, where do you want this to appear? So we chatted yesterday rather than taking this down and sorry, this down and this down. We would merge this report that's in here in the existing one here, right? Because the plan is to enable this report for all customers that have either this or customer feedback, customer feedback or both. And so rather than take away these two and then re-enable the reputation insights as net new, we're just going to have reputation insights be absorbed into this tab here. And essentially just remove this one and for customers that just have this one, we'll get this one. And for customers that have this old one, we'll get the new one. Yeah, but as Santi pointed out, we do need, we're going to need a script for the case where we have like a few customers, users that have one but not the other in the other direction, like in the other direction. And we'll need, yeah, so those clients will need to be, have steve Arnold migration. Before that, before that, Luba was asking if can we need to add another tab to this existing? Can we have tabs from different, different analysis? No, or can we? We cannot have tabs that are from a different analysis. So we had to move the, the, go to the tab. So we have to move this one, ratings. We have to move this into the other analysis, into the, the new reputation analysis. Yes. Is that difficult? Well, what just happened? That's a good question. I don't think I've ever done that. I mean, it's just a matter of reproducing everything exactly. But I think it would be a pain in the, a bit of a pain, but it, it's like, it's very doable. Or here's the thing. This is really not the hottest commodity one, honestly. This one definitely is. So rather than, you know, putting a wrench in this, we're going to have to have a new one. And then we're going to have to do it in this process. It might be easier to understand the logic behind this one. Right. What we do is move reputation insights, the old one into the new one, sorry, into the existing old one. Both of these go away. And then we can just rebuild this in like future sprints. So, so you don't need it. You don't need it right now. We don't need it. Not right now. It's not a very hard one to repeat. If it's just this one, it's a very easy one. No, it's just this tab because this, this already exists in a new one plus some. So what we need to do, reputation insights, the brand new one, this one that's going to be called these two tabs in here that are in this report need to move into the existing. Yeah. So it's not tabs. It's going to be the whole thing. Which let's add to this one, the ratings. Yeah, it's just one visual. That's super easy to do. Okay. Can we do that? Can we do that in this sprint or next sprint? I mean, it's, it's like a, I don't see it taking more than like an hour to do that. If not, we can have the ticket for the next sprint. So, okay. My, so what we're going to be doing just to make sure I understand fully and sorry if I keep calling it tabs, don't. Sorry, customer feedback is going to remain in the position it's at. What's going to happen is this is going to be renamed to reputation insights. And then the existing report that's in that is going to be removed. And then these two will be added into this. Yeah, we then point to the new analysis. Correct. And we'll make a new analysis. And point it to the new analysis, right? Definitely. Point it to the new analysis. Just got to write that down just to be sure. And then what we'll do is a two-pronged approach with the release. We will target the customers that already have this. So they'll, it'll just, they'll just see this updated, right? Yeah. So if they have this already, no changes, like literally it'll just, they'll come in, it'll say reputation insights. It'll have the new flag and then we'll be good to go. I'll put an in-app message saying this was a customer feedback or customer experience report. You're now seeing yada, yada, yada. And they'll, they'll have that in there. The customers then that have this will also then be targeted to ETA. Release, see, get the new reputation insights report one and two, remove this report altogether. Correct. So what we do there is after replacing customer feedback, what we do is identify all the, all the, all the space that, that, that have customer experience, but not customer feedback. Okay. And for those enable customer, the new customer feedback, which is the new reputation insights. Okay.