=== TRANSCRIPTION OF: 2025-05-16 14-32-01 - Uberall - Revamped Report Realese Plan 1 ===

Video Info Video Information:
   File: 2025-05-16 14-32-01 - Uberall - Revamped Report Realese Plan 1.mp4
   Size: 30.70 MB
   Duration: 00:08:40
   Format: .mp4
   Resolution: 1668x1080
   FPS: 60.00

Processing Information:
   Model used: tiny
   Detected language: en
   Audio extraction time: 0.54s
   Transcription time: 34.89s
   Total processing time: 35.50s
   Processing speed: 14.67x real-time

=== COMPLETE TRANSCRIPTION ===

Yesterday, that's all machined together. I just wanted to really, like, outline what's the steps to release these revamp reports and even sunset the old ones, just so that we have a clear direction for the next probably two, two, two, three, two spreads probably. Because the next sprint, we're gonna be releasing the reputation insights and then, um, taking away the two other reports and then the following spreads, we're gonna be for all of Facebook, all the yelp reports and then even comp until beta is probably gonna be live. So I just want to make sure that we're kind of all aligned because there's multiple steps. So from the looks of it, it's at least just for my understanding from yesterday, it's, we need to create a record and ABE, right, for words, we're just gonna talk about rep insights for right now. And then we need to create the process so that, like, it removes and does all that jazz and makes it appear in ABE to be selected for future, excuse me, enablements. Is that correct so far? It's already in the ABE. Yes, we just have to expose it, right? There isn't any you don't see it. You only see it for the beta tests SP and users because of the config item. Okay, so remove config item, right? So then it's, okay, run the old config item. Perfect, let me make another that and then, um, so with the existing and what we're gonna be doing, let me just share my screen just so that we're clear just in each show. Okay, going to production. Okay. So as mentioned, what we're gonna be doing is the customer feedback and customer experience are, well, let me backtrack. Customer experience is gonna be the one that is actually gonna go away. Customer feedback is gonna be rebranded basically or renamed because we're gonna move the, the new reputation insights into this one, but call it reputation insights, right? And then we're gonna move the two tabs in this new report into here and then and have this beta third. Is, is that possible this report here? Or do we have to build this ratings page into this report and then just like bump it into this? Sorry, I don't, okay, so this is, where, where do you want this to appear? So we chatted yesterday rather than taking this down and, sorry, this down and this down. We would, this report that's in here and the existing one here, right? Because the plan is to enable this report for all customers that have either this or customer feedback experience or feedback are both and so rather than take away these two and then enable the reputation insights as net new, we're just gonna have reputation insights be absorbed into this tab here and essentially just remove this one and for customers that just have this one, we'll get this one and for customers that have this old one, we'll get the new one. Yeah, but as the, as the sound key pointed out, we do need, we're gonna need a script for the case where we have like a few customer users that have one but not the other and the other direction, not the and we'll need yeah, so those clients will need to be, perhaps, you've parted my question. Before that, before that, Luva was asking if we need to add another tab to this, so we have tabs from different different analysis, no, or per week. We cannot have tabs that are from a different analysis. So we have to move the, go to the tab. So we have to move this one, ratings. We have to move this into the other analysis in the, into the new reputation analysis. Yes. Is that difficult? Whoa. Um, which is happened. That's a good question. I don't think I've ever done that. I mean, it's just a matter of reproducing everything exactly, but it, I think it would be a pain in the a bit of a pain, but it, it's like it's very doable. Or here is a thing. This is really not the hottest commodity one, honestly. This one definitely is. So rather than, you know, putting a wrench in this process, it might be easier to understand the logic behind this one, right? But due is move reputation insights, the old one, and the new one, sorry, into the existing old one, both of these go away, and then we can just rebuild this in like future sprints. So you don't need it. Do you need it right now with a need? I mean, it's not a very hard one. If it's just this one, it's a very easy. I thought it was just this tap because this, this already exists in a new one plus some. So what we need to do, a rotation insights, the brand new one, this one that's on the called, these two tabs in here that are in this report need to move into the existing. Yeah, it's not tab. It's going to be the whole thing. It will list us out to these one, the ratings. Yeah, it's just one visual. That's super easy to do. Okay. Can we do that? Can we do that in this sprinter next sprint? I mean, it's like, I don't see it taking more than like an hour to do that. If not, we can have the ticket for the next sprint. So, okay, my, uh, so we're going to be doing just to make sure I understand fully and, and sorry if I keep calling it tap, so I'm sorry. Customer feedback is going to remain in the position it's at. What's going to happen is this is going to be renamed to reputation insights. And then the existing report that's in that is going to be removed and then these two will be added into this. Yeah, we're going to be going to the new one. Correct. And we'll be making an appointment. You're going to. And point it to the new analysis. Right? Yeah. One, two, the new, uh, that's just going to write that down. Just to be sure. And then what we'll do is a two-pronged approach with the release. We will target the customers that already have this. So they'll it'll just, they'll just see this updated, right? Yeah. And so if they have this already, no changes like literally it'll just, well, come in. It'll say reputation insights. It'll have the new flag. And then we'll be good to go. I'll put an in-app message saying this was the customer feedback or customer experience report you're now seeing. You got to got to know, they'll have that in there. The customers then that have this will also then be targeted to eat to eat to eat. Really see get the new reputation insights report one and to remove this report all together. Correct. So what we do there is after replacing customer feedback what we do is identify all the all the, all the, all the space that that that have customer experience, but not customer feedback. Okay. And for those, enable customer, then new customer feedback, which is the new reputation insight. Okay.